https://codepen.io/je94/pen/mdmPPJX?editors=1000
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
the correct use of html so the information used to build the site can be correctly interprited
    2. What is HTML used for?
    used for webpage structure 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    modifies the html tag in the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    declaring the title of the webpage once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    image tag achor tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata such as titles scripts and stylesheets
    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute used to identify one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute use to identify a group of elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinte 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by declaring target="_blank" in the anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
  for screen readers or if the image link is broken 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section defines that content inside it is grouped and should appear in a outline of a page div just genericaly groups a area to be styled
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an
     example of when I might use each one
     each id can only be used once class can be used an unlimted amount of times
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname {

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .classname p {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     the parent child selector is the selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-change: capitals; text-change: lowercase;   text-change: Capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: dotted black 1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*nou*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    the pwd command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename because its permanant without a verify 
    34. Why should I use version control?
    so you have backups and can colaberate 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after any major feature or 20min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin nameofrepo 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork it clone with git clone "git url" branch it git checkout -b branch-name cd into branch edit git save then git add . git commit -m "breif detailled message" , git push -u origin branch-name pull request submit pull request 
